---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-05T21:17:45.973Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-05T21:17:34.137Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-05-5ac46bbe-5a8b-48e6-b8aa-a1627fe0b534.md
published: true
url: 5ac46bbe-5a8b-48e6-b8aa-a1627fe0b534/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Format and Rules**

1\. The competition

The IT Case Competition is organized by the student organization DØK-foreningen composed of IT students attending Copenhagen Business School in courses HA(it.) and Cand.merc.it with the support of student volunteers.

2\. Eligibility

The IT Case Competition is eligible to any bachelor or master student attending universities in Denmark, however, we expect, that you as an applicant, has a keen interest in IT, but also, has an idea into how IT potentially affects business.

As an applicant you will be evaluated on the following parameters: (1) Your CV; (2) Motivational letter; and (3) Grade transcript.

3\. The cases

We seek to create the case of the competition as novel as possible and especially relevant to the overall purposes of the competition, which is, IT in business. The case is created by the organization representing the case and revision will be made by this years'  partners with support of the ITCC crew.

4\. Competition format

The competition will be held in middle of March and will start Thursday in week 11-- those participants in need of accommodation, will be handled the night before the competition starts.

The competition is constituted of 16 teams allocated in four groups of four teams. If a participant chooses to abandon his/hers seat in a team at the competition, no later than a week of the competition being held, a replacement will be arranged.

Coaches will be assigned to each team for the purpose of guidance. It is only possible for the coach to assists the team for 20 minutes. It is at the teams own discretion how and when this time is utilized.

The teams will be allocated in to the two groups by random draw. These groups cannot be revised after the selection and will be the subject of the preliminary rounds. After the preliminary rounds, two teams will by the judges be selected from each group, those teams will excel to the finals.

It is possible for the teams to forfeit the competition at any time during the competition. In the event of a team member leaving, due to unknown reasons, it is still possible for the rest of the teams to continue and excel in the competition.

5\. Case preparation

§5.1  
We expect participants to exert professional behavior and overall sportsmanship both.

§5.2  
The teams will have a total of 24 hours after the case is issued to complete and submit one case solution. The case solution can be presented in any format the teams see fit, though, an executive summary is a must.

§5.3  
The teams must bring their own computer to the competition. It is the teams own responsibility if the team decides to make use of their own computer during the competition.

§5.4  
Each team will be given with an USB. The teams has to hand-in the case solution and the executive summary, on this USB. No altering of the case solution is permitted after the time of hand-in.

§5.5  
The teams are allowed to bring an unlimited number of textbooks, reference materials and electronic devices. Reference material includes articles, notes, compendiums and the like.

§5.6  
All minor necessities to complete the competition will be made available for the teams. Minor necessities includes paper, pens, whiteboard makers, post-its and the like.

§5.7  
Knowledge sharing and collaboration between teams is allowed, but it is ultimately at the teams own discretion to which degree this is done. Copying of any kind is considered cheating, and is not permitted.

§5.8  
The teams will be provided a preparation room, in which the case solution must be solved. Only the respective team and the assigned coach will have access to the room during the competition.

§5.9  
Each preparation room will be equipped with a printer and a computer for the teams to utilize during the competition.

§5.10  
All case materials and notes must remain within the room, at all time, during the competition.

6\. Case Preparation

§6.1  
Presentation must be articulated in English and be made available in pdf. The presentation must be compatible with Microsoft Windows. During the presentation the use of notes and cue cards is permitted.

§6.2  
Each team will have a maximum of 50 pages available for their presentation. Additional exhibits, beyond the presentation format, may be prepared at the team's discretion in anticipation of questions from the judge's panel. These exhibits, however, will not be part of the overall evaluation of the team's performance.

§6.3  
It is at the teams own discretion how the 50 pages available for the presentation is allocated between presentation and appendix pages. It is not a must to submit all of the 50 pages available.

§6.4  
Each team will compete against 3 other teams in their assigned group in the preliminary round. These groups are created by random draw.

§6.5  
At the morning of the presentation, each team will be assigned a room for preparation purposes. The teams have a fixed time of 30 minutes to prepare before the preliminary rounds starts.

§6.6  
The teams will present their case solution in front of the judges' panel. Each team have 10 minutes presentation time and 10 minutes Q&A in the preliminary round.

§6.7  
In the final round the 4 finalist have 15 minutes presentation and 10 minutes Q&A from the judge's panel.

§6.8  
All team members must be attending the presentation. No other team besides the presenting team will be allowed during presentations. Communication with the audience is also not permitted.

§6.9  
All materials produced during IT Case Competition is the rightful property of the organizers. The organizers may record any presentations for the purpose of promoting the competition.

§6.10  
Failing to comply with any of the rules above, will result in immediate disqualification. Disqualification will be decided by the organizers. Decisions is final and cannot be revised.

7\. Judges

To secure the integrity of the competition and ultimately the quality of the case, the judges' panel is composed of both professional actors of the business community but also capable entities from the hosting university. Panels are constituted at the discretion of the organizers and will include at least four Judges, one of whom will be designated Lead Judge. The Lead Judge will chair the Q&A period, lead the deliberations, cast the decisive vote in the event of a split panel and during the preliminary round prepare an evaluation sheet for each team's confidential use once the result has been determined.

Business professionals in the judges' panel will consists of actors from our preferred partners.

8\. Scoring

The judges' panel will on behalf of your presentation score the presentations on the basis of an evaluation sheet. The evaluation sheet will include all the elements that a presentation needs.